Fix incorrect game log attachment on Android (#743)
getsentry/sentry-unreal: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - Fix incorrect game log attachment on Android ([#743](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/743))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Android, the SDK no longer attaches the "wrong?" log file when capturing events ([#743](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-unreal/pull/743))
```
The "wrong?" needs replacement or clarification. Or maybe not. Was the SDK just grabbing an older one?
